# GenAI-Projects-

## Multi-Language Invoice Extractor

Description:

This project aims to extract information from invoices written in multiple languages using Google Gemini Pro, a generative AI API. The application is powered by Streamlit and seamlessly integrates the Google Generative AI API for content generation.

Features:

Robust User Input Handling: Implemented robust user input handling, allowing text prompts and image uploads for a dynamic user experience.
Error Handling: Incorporated error handling to address file upload scenarios, enhancing the application's reliability and user-friendliness.

Technologies Used:

Streamlit
Google Generative AI API (Google Gemini Pro)
PyPDF2

Installation:

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/your-username/multi-language-invoice-extractor.git
Navigate to the project directory: cd multi-language-invoice-extractor

Usage:

Run the Streamlit application: streamlit run app.py
Follow the prompts to input text or upload an image of an invoice.
View the extracted information from the invoice.


## PDF Chat Integration

Description:

This project integrates Google Generative AI for document embeddings, facilitating advanced question-answering capabilities. It includes a streamlined PDF processing pipeline utilizing PyPDF2 for text extraction and Google Generative AI for document embeddings.

Features:

Google Generative AI Integration: Integrated Google Generative AI for document embeddings, enabling advanced question-answering capabilities.
Streamlined PDF Processing Pipeline: Implemented a streamlined PDF processing pipeline using PyPDF2 for text extraction and Google Generative AI for document embeddings.

Technologies Used:

Google Generative AI API (Google Gemini Pro)
PyPDF2

Installation:

Clone the repository: git clone https://github.com/your-username/pdf-chat-integration.git
Navigate to the project directory: cd pdf-chat-integration


Usage:

Run the application: python app.py
Follow the prompts to upload a PDF document.
Ask questions related to the content of the PDF document.
Receive answers generated by Google Generative AI.
